Okay,
guys.
And welcome back French.
Okay,
so French is of romance language.
That doesn't mean it's romantic,
though it does sound beautiful.
Mark Pootie,
Siri at my little mess.
Even that sounds great in French.
It means it's derived from the language spoken by the Romans.
Now that's a very interesting thing to know.
And I'll tell you why.
Quite a few European languages are considered romance languages.
And that's interesting because once you learn one,
you'll find that you accidentally acquired quite a bit of another,
even if it means a slight change in pronunciation.
Now you'll see that as we go through,
what's even more useful,
at least for English speakers is that an awful lot of English is derived from the romance
languages,
too,
which can make somewheres easy to remember naturally.
Okay,
so let's do this knife cu toe folk for shit.
Spoon cool.
Yeah,
plate us yet bowl.
No cook cuss glass There.
Bottle boo tay Source.
Spin casserole,
Kettle bull you are did you mange to create some weird on wonderful scenes out of those as
always,
if you struggled with any,
review your scene and see if there's anything you can make stronger using your knees knees
.
Here's and I remember them before Knife puto I have putting off your toe with a knife is
little graphic,
but it works.
Fork for shed.
I have four sheds made of folks.
Spoon could.
Yeah,
getting a cool ear.
Cool year out of a freezer with a spoon.
A little strange,
but it works.
Plate us yet throwing.
Place it assets,
but you haven't hit one yet.
Us yet.
Bowl bowl.
I have a bowl filled with little Eiffel Towers Now,
because the word is very similar.
I just associate something French with the word French being Eiffel Towers to me.
Okay,
Cup task.
I have a cup with tassels on the handle on glass.
There,
I have very expensive and delicate crystal glass buckle Beutel.
Yet I have a bottle standing in a boot packed with high boo tay.
Source.
Been casserole cooking a casserole in a soul spin.
And finally,
kettle bull,
you are saying to a cattle boil You are boil,
you are bull.
You are okay.
Next,
we'll take a look at another romance language Italian.
We're going to do exactly the same words.
Just be sure that you store them in a completely different location.
Something Italian.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.